allow custom timeout for proxy requests (#583)
oauth2-proxy/oauth2-proxy: docs/configuration/configuration.md

| `--provider-display-name` | string | Override the provider's name with the given string; used for the sign-in page | (depends on provider) |
| `--ping-path` | string | the ping endpoint that can be used for basic health checks | `"/ping"` |
| `--proxy-prefix` | string | the url root path that this proxy should be nested under (e.g. /`<oauth2>/sign_in`) | `"/oauth2"` |

> | `--proxy-time-out` | duration | timeout for upstream proxy | `"30s"` |

Reviewer: Perhaps we should call this `upstream-request-timeout` so that it is clear that this is the timeout for requests to upstream servers?

Author: Changed the name

> | `--upstream-request-timeout` | duration | timeout for upstream proxy | `"30s"` |

Reviewer: This should be elaborated a bit more I think
```suggestion
| `--upstream-request-timeout` | duration | timeout for requests to upstream servers, if a response is not returned within the timeout, the request is cancelled | `"30s"` |
```
